This is me
I know you are in a hurry
But don't worry.
I'm not finished yet.
Since my uncle didn't kill your brother
Of course it couldn't have killed your father
Since my uncle didn't kill your father
Of course it's impossible to start a fire, right?
Okay, so here's the problem
Who started this fire?
How could I know how could you not know
Only you and my uncle were there when the fire broke out
If my uncle wasn't the murderer
So isn't the murderer obvious?
Is it Mr. Zhang?
Slander you this is slander
slander
You just said you were there alone.
Did you see my second uncle commit murder?
i
The adults and the grass-roots think it's time to rob the case
Bold Zhang Zhijie to kill his brother and serve his father for the sake of greedy ink family property
Blind officials
Somebody drag him out for me
Go to jail
Lord Zhou, I was wrong, I really know I was wrong
Is it really you?
You fried my surname Qin
Don't be complacent
Sooner or later
You will step into the back pool of my Zhang family
Come
Drag this unrepentant beast out for me
Hahaha, I'll see you below, hurry up.